The E-commerce system enables users to create an account, browse through various selections of products, add products to their cart, and order by storing and keeping track of user data. The project employs a range of appropriate data structures to analyze the user database and maximize the system's efficiency.

The User Interface of the application consists of the following actions.

Q or QUIT:   This works and exits the while loop with exit code 0

PRODS:  This works, compiles and prints out the list products without any errors.


CUSTS: This works, compiles and prints out the list of customers without any errors.

BOOKS: This works, compiles and prints out the list of books without any errors.

ORDERS: This works, compiles and prints out the list of orders without any errors.

SHIPPED: This works, compiles and prints out the list of shipped orders without any errors.

ORDER:  This works and compiles without any problems, checks for valid customer or product ID, displays error message if incorrect product is chosen by the user. If product choice is valid, it reduces the stock accordingly. 

SHIP:  This works and compiles without any problems.

CUSTORDERS:  This works and compiles without any problems.

NEWCUST:  This works and compiles without any problems.

CANCEL:  This works and compiles without any problems.

ORDERBOOK: This works and compiles without any problems. Checks if product chosen is a book and displays error if other products were selected. If product choice is valid, it reduces the stock accordingly.  

ORDERSHOES: This works and compiles without any problems. Checks if product chosen is a shoe and displays error if other products were selected. If product choice is valid, it reduces the stock accordingly.

PRINTBYPRICE: This works and compiles without any problem, prints out the list of products in ascending order of price.

PRINTBYNAME: This works and compiles without any problems, prints out the list of products alphabetically.

SORTCUSTS: This works and compiles without any problems, prints out the list of customers alphabetically.

BOOKSBYAUTHOR: This works and compiles without any problems, prints out the books written by selected author in ascending order of year published.

STATS: This works and compiles without any problems and prints product order statistics

ADDTOCART: This works and compiles without any problems and add items to the cart

REMCARTITEM: This works and compiles without any problems and REMOVE items from the cart

PRINTCART: This works and compiles without any problems and print cart items

ORDERITEMS: This works and compiles without any problems and order items from the cart

